Most people think you can't build below
bedrock, but I built an entire ocean
biome below the bedrock layer in my
world. That's because when Mojang
lowered the world height, they never
changed the bedrock in Superflat World.
So, in 2023, I spent several months
breaking over 13,000 blocks of bedrock
in my super flat world in order to make
room for this underwater ravine. Now, 2
years later, I'd like to expand this
ocean all the way to the other side of
my base in order to reach my newest mega
project, the Vicenium Bay. But, I've
mapped out the path that I want the
ocean to take. And after some rough
calculations, I determined that I would
likely have to break close to a million
blocks of bedrock. Now, I could just
flood the bedrock with water, but
that'll just end up looking like a
shallow pool and not an ocean. So,
instead, I'm going to actually put my
art to great use and paint an entire
ocean floor pixel art texture. By using
different blocks to force shadows and
highlights, you can actually create an
illusion of depth. Once you add a few
layers of water on top, suddenly you
have yourself an ocean floor. Do you
guys think this looks convincing enough?